---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Routing Rule
description: |-
  list of routing rule.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules (Data Source)

list of routing rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules" "routingrules" {
  size              = var.size
  page              = var.page
  sort              = var.sort
  id                = var.id
  direct_connect_id = var.direct_connect_id
  destination_type  = var.destination_type
  destination_cidr  = var.destination_cidr
  state             = var.state
}


output "routingRules" {
  value = {
    count: data.samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules.routingrules.total_count,
    routing_rules: data.samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules.routingrules.routing_rules,
    page: data.samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules.routingrules.page,
    size: data.samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules.routingrules.size,
    sort: data.samsungcloudplatformv2_directconnect_routing_rules.routingrules.sort_final,
  }
}

variable "direct_connect_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S DIRECT_CONNECT_ID"
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 20
}

variable "page" {
  type    = number
  default = 0
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = "created_at:desc"
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}

variable "destination_type" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "destination_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "state" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direct_connect_id` (String) The identifier of the direct connect.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S DIRECT_CONNECT_ID

### Optional

- `destination_cidr` (String) The destination IP address range in CIDR notation. 
  - example : 10.10.10.0/24
- `destination_type` (String) The type of the routing destination. In the VPC, the Direct Connect direction is ON_PREMISE, in the opposite direction—from Direct Connect toward the VPC—the direction is VPC.
  -  example : ON-PREMISE | VPC
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the routing rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination. 
  - example : 0 
  - minimum : 0
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page. 
  - example : 20 
  - minimum : 0
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order. 
  - example : created_at:desc
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the routing rule. 
  - example : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | ERROR

### Read-Only

- `routing_rules` (Attributes List) A list of routing rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules))
- `sort_final` (List of String) List of sort condition 
  - example : ["created_at:desc"]
- `total_count` (Number) The total number of Direct Connect routing rule.
  - example : 5

<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the direct connect.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this routing rule. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Routing Rule description
  - maxLength : 50
  - minLength : 1
- `destination_cidr` (String) The destination IP address range in CIDR notation.
  - example : 10.10.10.0/24
- `destination_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the destination resource.When the Destination Type is VPC, provide the VpcId.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S DESTINATION_RESOURCE_ID
- `destination_resource_name` (String) The name of the destination resource.When the Destination Type is VPC, provide the Vpc name.
  - example : Resource Name
- `destination_type` (String) The type of the routing destination.In the VPC, the Direct Connect direction is ON_PREMISE, in the opposite direction—from Direct Connect toward the VPC—the direction is VPC.
  -  example : ON-PREMISE | VPC
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the routing rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `owner_id` (String) The identifier of the routing rule owner.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S OWNER_ID
- `owner_type` (String) The type of the routing rule owner.
  - example : DIRECT_CONNECT
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the routing rule.
  - example : CREATING | ACTIVE | EDITING | DELETING | ERROR