---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dnss Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  Provides a list of private DNS instances.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dnss (Data Source)

Provides a list of private DNS instances.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dnss" "private_dns" {
}


output "private_dns" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dnss.private_dns
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The identifier to filter private DNS by.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `name` (String) The name to filter private DNS by.
  - example : private-dns01
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 0
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order.
  - example : created_at:asc
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC identifier to filter private DNS by.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

### Read-Only

- `private_dns` (Attributes List) List of private DNS instances matching the query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_dns))

<a id="nestedatt--private_dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_dns`

Optional:

- `auth_dns_name` (String) The authoritative DNS name of the private DNS.
  - example : auth.dns.example.com
- `connected_vpc_ids` (List of String) The list of VPC identifiers connected to this private DNS.Only VPCs that are connected to the DNS can query the domain information registered in it.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CONNECTED_VPC_IDS
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private DNS.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the private DNS.
  - example : private-dns01
- `pool_id` (String) The resource pool identifier associated with the private DNS.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S POOL_ID
- `pool_name` (String) The name of the resource pool.
  - example : pool-01
- `registered_region` (String) The region where the private DNS is registered.
  - example : KR-WEST1
- `resolver_ip` (String) The IP address of the DNS resolver.
  - example : 198.19.0.101
- `resolver_name` (String) The name of the DNS resolver.
  - example : resolver-01
- `state` (String) The current state of the private DNS.
  - example : ACTIVE

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z