---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_public_domain_names Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  Provides a list of public domain names.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_public_domain_names (Data Source)

Provides a list of public domain names.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_public_domain_names" "public_domain_names" {
}


output "public_domain_names" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_public_domain_names.public_domain_names
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `name` (String) The name to filter public domain names by.
  - example : example.com
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 0
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order.
  - example : created_at:asc

### Read-Only

- `public_domain_names` (Attributes List) List of public domain names matching the query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_domain_names))

<a id="nestedatt--public_domain_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_domain_names`

Optional:

- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `expired_date` (String) The expiration date of the domain registration.
  - example : 2025-12-31
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the public domain name.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the public domain name.
  - example : example.com
- `register_email` (String) The email address of the domain registrant.
  - example : user@example.com
- `start_date` (String) The start date of the domain registration.
  - example : 2024-01-01
- `status` (String) The current status of the public domain name.
  - example : REGISTERED

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z