---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zones Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  Provides a list of hosted zones.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zones (Data Source)

Provides a list of hosted zones.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zones" "hosted_zones" {
}


output "hosted_zones" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zones.hosted_zones
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name to filter hosted zones by.
  - example : my-zone.com
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 0
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order.
  - example : created_at:asc
- `status` (String) The status to filter hosted zones by.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `type` (String) The type to filter hosted zones by (PUBLIC or PRIVATE).
  - example : private

### Read-Only

- `hosted_zones` (Attributes List) List of hosted zones matching the query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosted_zones))

<a id="nestedatt--hosted_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosted_zones`

Optional:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `hosted_zone_type` (String) The type of the hosted zone (e.g., public or private).
  - example : private
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the hosted zone.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The domain name that a DNS service manages. all DNS records for that domain and its sub‑domains are stored and served within this hosted zone.
  - example : my-zone.com
- `pool_id` (String) The resource pool identifier associated with the hosted zone.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S POOL_ID
- `private_dns_id` (String) The DNS server ID for registering a Hosted Zone.For a Public‑type Hosted Zone, display it as an empty value.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_DNS_ID
- `private_dns_name` (String) The DNS server name for registering a Hosted Zone.For a Public‑type Hosted Zone, display it as an empty value.
  - example : private-dns01
- `status` (String) The current status of the hosted zone (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING).
  - example : ACTIVE
- `ttl` (Number) The Time-To-Live (TTL) value in seconds for DNS records in this zone.
  - example : 3600