---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific hosted zone.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone (Data Source)

Provides details about a specific hosted zone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone" "hosted_zone" {
  id = var.id
}


output "hosted_zone" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone.hosted_zone
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the hosted zone to query.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `hosted_zone_detail` (Attributes) Detailed information about the hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosted_zone_detail))

<a id="nestedatt--hosted_zone_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosted_zone_detail`

Optional:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `hosted_zone_type` (String) The type of the hosted zone (e.g., PUBLIC or PRIVATE).
  - example : PRIVATE
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the hosted zone.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The domain name that a DNS service manages. all DNS records for that domain and its sub‑domains are stored and served within this hosted zone.
  - example : my-zone.com
- `pool_id` (String) The resource pool identifier associated with the hosted zone.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S POOL_ID
- `private_dns_id` (String) The DNS server ID for registering a Hosted Zone.For a Public‑type Hosted Zone, display it as an empty value.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_DNS_ID
- `private_dns_name` (String) The DNS server name for registering a Hosted Zone.For a Public‑type Hosted Zone, display it as an empty value.
  - example : private-dns01
- `status` (String) The current status of the hosted zone (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING).
  - example : ACTIVE
- `ttl` (Number) The Time-To-Live (TTL) value in seconds for DNS records in this zone.
  - example : 3600