---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_records Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  Provides a list of DNS records.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_records (Data Source)

Provides a list of DNS records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_records" "records" {
  hosted_zone_id = var.hosted_zone_id
}


output "records" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_records.records
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}

variable "hosted_zone_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S HOSTED_ZONE_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `data` (String) The data to filter DNS records by.
  - example : 192.168.1.1
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `exact_name` (String) Filter by exact name match.
  - example : exact-record-name
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) ID for the zone that contains this record
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S HOSTED_ZONE_ID
- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of items to return.
  - example : 10
- `marker` (String) The last record ID of the previous page.
  - example : 6ed7bc1-4b05-3cc7-7105-c1b71f7f30a7
- `name` (String) The name to filter DNS records by.
  - example : test.app
- `sort_dir` (String) The sort direction for the list (ASC or DESC).
  - example : ASC
- `sort_key` (String) The field to sort by.
  - example : name
- `status` (String) The status to filter DNS records by.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `ttl` (Number) The Time-To-Live (TTL) value in seconds for the DNS record.
  - example : 3600
- `type` (String) The type of the DNS record (e.g., A, AAAA, CNAME, MX, TXT, SPF).
  - example : A

### Read-Only

- `records` (Attributes List) List of DNS records matching the query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--records))

<a id="nestedatt--records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `records`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action performed on the DNS record.
  - example : NONE
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS record.
  - example : test.app
- `project_id` (String) The project identifier associated with the DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PROJECT_ID
- `records` (List of String) The list of record values for this DNS record.
  - example : ["12.34.45.67"]
- `status` (String) The current status of the DNS record.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `ttl` (Number) The Time-To-Live (TTL) value in seconds for the DNS record.
  - example : 3600
- `type` (String) The type of the DNS record (e.g., A, AAAA, CNAME, MX, TXT, SPF).
  - example : A
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2026-02-09T08:00:40Z
- `version` (Number) The version of the DNS record.
  - example : 1
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier of the DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ZONE_ID
- `zone_name` (String) The name of the zone containing the DNS record.
  - example : my-zone.com

Read-Only:

- `links` (Attributes) The links related to the DNS record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--records--links))

<a id="nestedatt--records--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `records.links`

Optional:

- `self` (String) The self-referential link of the DNS record.
  - example : https://api.samsungsdscloud.com/dns/v1/records/3432012nfdksdf03ktrld9234lgfg