---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_filestorage_volume Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: File Storage Volume
description: |-
  Retrieves details of a File Storage Volume on Samsung Cloud Platform.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_filestorage_volume (Data Source)

Retrieves details of a File Storage Volume on Samsung Cloud Platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_filestorage_volume" "volume" {
  id = var.id
}

output "volume" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_filestorage_volume.volume
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier of the resource. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) Created At 
  - example: '2024-07-30T04:54:33.219373Z'
- `encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Volume Encryption Enabled 
  - example: true
- `endpoint_path` (String) The network endpoint path used to mount and access the file storage volume. 
  - example: 'xxx.xx.xxx.xxx'
- `file_unit_recovery_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether file unit recovery is enabled for the volume. 
  - example: true
- `name` (String) Volume Name 
  - example: 'my_volume'
- `path` (String) Volume Mount Path 
  - example: 'xxx.xx.xxx.xxx'
- `protocol` (String) Protocol 
  - example: 'NFS' 
  - pattern: `^(NFS|CIFS)$`
- `purpose` (String) The designated purpose or workload type of the volume (e.g., general, backup). 
  - example: 'none'
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the volume. Valid values: creating, available, error, deleting. 
  - example: 'available'
- `type_id` (String) The unique identifier of the storage tier (volume type) assigned to this volume. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TYPE_ID
- `type_name` (String) Volume Type Name 
  - example: 'HDD' 
  - pattern: `^(HDD|SSD|HighPerformanceSSD|SSD_SAP_S|SSD_SAP_E)$`
- `usage` (Number) The current usage of the volume in GiB. 
  - example: 100000