---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall_rule Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Firewall Rule
description: |-
  Firewall rule
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall_rule (Data Source)

Firewall rule

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall_rule" "firewall_rule" {
  id = var.id
  firewall_id = var.firewall_id
}


output "firewall_rule" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall_rule.firewall_rule.firewall_rule
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
variable "firewall_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `firewall_id` (String) The identifier of the firewall associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_ID
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `firewall_rule` (Attributes) Firewall Rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rule`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action applied to traffic that matches the rule.
  - example: ALLOW
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-01-15T10:30:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user ID that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) A brief explanation or note about this resource.
  - example: Firewall rule for web tier
- `destination_address` (List of String) The destination address the rule applies to.
  - example: [192.168.0.0/16, 192.169.0.0/16]
- `destination_interface` (String) The destination interface the rule applies to.
  - example: L2FW-DGW2800dn
- `direction` (String) The direction of the traffic the rule applies to.
  - example: INBOUND
- `firewall_id` (String) The identifier of the firewall associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_ID
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-06-01T14:22:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user ID that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
  - example: 0e2b4ece64944d7d8a72983e945b867b
- `sequence` (Number) The order in which the rule is evaluated.
  - example: 100
- `service` (Attributes List) The service ports the rule applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rule--service))
- `source_address` (List of String) The source IP addresses the rule applies to.
  - example: [10.10.10.0/24, 10.10.11.0/24]
- `source_interface` (String) The source interface the rule applies to.
  - example: L2FW-DGW2800up
- `state` (String) The current state of the resource.
  - example: ACTIVE
- `status` (String) The current status of the resource.
  - example: ENABLE
- `vendor_rule_id` (String) The firewall device's unique identifier for the rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VENDOR_RULE_ID

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rule--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rule.service`

Read-Only:

- `service_type` (String) The type of the service.
  - example: TCP
- `service_value` (String) The value of the service.
  - example: 80