---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Firewall
description: |-
  Retrieves details of a firewall instance.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall (Data Source)

Retrieves details of a firewall instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall" "firewall" {
  id = var.id
}


output "firewall" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_firewall_firewall.firewall.firewall
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `firewall` (Attributes) The firewall resource details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall))

<a id="nestedatt--firewall"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-01-15T10:30:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user ID that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `flavor_name` (String) Firewall size.
  - example: MEDIUM
- `flavor_rule_quota` (Number) Firewall rule quota based on firewall size.
  - example: 200
- `fw_resource_id` (String) The resource ID of the associated firewall service.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FW_RESOURCE_ID
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `loggable` (Boolean) The flag indicating whether firewall flow logs are stored.
  - example: True
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-06-01T14:22:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user ID that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
  - example: fw-web-prod
- `pre_product_id` (String) The identifier of the firewall pre‑product associated with the service.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRE_PRODUCT_ID
- `product_type` (String) The type of the firewall service.
  - example: IGW
- `state` (String) The current state of the resource.
  - example: ACTIVE
- `status` (String) The current status of the resource.
  - example: ENABLE
- `total_rule_count` (Number) Number of rules in the firewall.
  - example: 5
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: vpc-prod-01