---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslbs Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: GSLB
description: |-
  Gets a list of Global Server Load Balancers.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslbs (Data Source)

Gets a list of Global Server Load Balancers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslbs" "gslbs" {
  size = var.size
}


output "gslbs" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslbs.gslbs
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name to filter GSLBs.
  - example : example.gslb.e.samsungsdscloud.com
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 0
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order.
  - example : createdAt:asc
- `state` (String) The state to filter GSLBs (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, EDITING, ERROR, DELETING).
  - example : ACTIVE

### Read-Only

- `gslbs` (Attributes List) A list of Global Server Load Balancers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gslbs))

<a id="nestedatt--gslbs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gslbs`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The load balancing algorithm for GSLB traffic distribution (e.g., ROUND_ROBIN, RATIO).
  - example : ROUND_ROBIN
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Example Description for GSLB
- `env_usage` (String) The environment usage type for the GSLB (e.g., PUBLIC).
  - example : PUBLIC
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the GSLB.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `linked_resource_count` (Number) The number of resources linked to this GSLB.
  - example : 2
- `name` (String) The name of the GSLB.
  - example : example.gslb.e.samsungsdscloud.com
- `state` (String) The current state of the GSLB (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, EDITING, ERROR, DELETING).
  - example : ACTIVE

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY