---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslb_rrc_update Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: GSLB
description: |-
  Updates GSLB regional routing control settings.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslb_rrc_update (Data Source)

Updates GSLB regional routing control settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslb_rrc_update" "my_gslb_rrc" {
  gslb_id = var.gslb_id
  region  = var.region
  status  = var.status
}


output "response" {
  value = {
    regional_gslb : data.samsungcloudplatformv2_gslb_gslb_rrc_update.my_gslb_rrc.regional_gslb
  }
}

variable "gslb_id" {
  description = "The GSLB ID."
  type        = string
  default     = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S GSLB_ID"
}

variable "region" {
  description = "The GSLB Resource Region."
  type        = string
  default     = "KR-WEST-2"
}

variable "status" {
  description = "The GSLB Resource Status."
  type        = string
  default     = "ENABLE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gslb_id` (String) The unique identifier of the GSLB.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S GSLB_ID
- `region` (String) The region where the GSLB resource is located.
  - example : kr-west1
- `status` (String) Whether to use the GSLB resource. (e.g., ENABLE, DISABLE)
  - example : ENABLE

### Read-Only

- `regional_gslb` (Attributes) Details of the updated GSLB regional routing control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regional_gslb))

<a id="nestedatt--regional_gslb"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regional_gslb`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) The load balancing algorithm for GSLB traffic distribution (e.g., ROUND_ROBIN, RATIO).
  - example : ROUND_ROBIN
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Example Description for GSLB
- `env_usage` (String) The environment usage type for the GSLB (e.g., PUBLIC).
  - example : PUBLIC
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the GSLB.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `linked_regional_resource_count` (Number) The number of resources linked to this GSLB in the region.
  - example : 2
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the GSLB.
  - example : example.gslb.e.samsungsdscloud.com
- `region` (String) The region where the GSLB resource is located.
  - example : kr-west1
- `status` (String) Whether to use the GSLB resource. (e.g., ENABLE, DISABLE)
  - example : ENABLE