---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_member Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: LB Member
description: |-
  Retrieve details of a specific LB Member.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_member (Data Source)

Retrieve details of a specific LB Member.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_member" "lbmember" {
  id = var.id
  lb_server_group_id = var.lb_server_group_id
}

output "lbMember" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_member.lbmember
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}

variable "lb_server_group_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S LB_SERVER_GROUP_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LB Member.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `lb_server_group_id` (String) The LB Server Group ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S LB_SERVER_GROUP_ID

### Read-Only

- `lb_member` (Attributes) Details of the LB Member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lb_member))

<a id="nestedatt--lb_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lb_member`

Optional:

- `lb_server_group_id` (String) The LB Server Group ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S LB_SERVER_GROUP_ID
- `member_ip` (String) The IP address of the member.
  - example : 192.168.1.100
- `member_port` (Number) The port number of the member.
  - example : 8080
  - minimum : 1
  - maximum : 65534
- `member_state` (String) The state of the member.
  - example : ENABLE
  - pattern : ENABLE | DISABLE
- `member_weight` (Number) The weight of the member.
  - example : 100
  - minimum : 1
  - maximum : 1000
- `name` (String) The name of the LB Member.
  - example : Member01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `object_id` (String) The object ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S OBJECT_ID
- `object_type` (String) The object type.
  - example : VM
  - pattern : VM | BM | MANUAL | MNGC
- `state` (String) The current state of the LB Member.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | EDITING | ERROR
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `uuid` (String) Uuid.
  - example : 0fdd87aab8cb46f59b7c1f81ed03fb3e

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY