---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Load Balancer
description: |-
  Show Loadbalancer.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer (Data Source)

Show Loadbalancer.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer" "loadbalancer" {
    id = var.id
}


output "loadbalancer" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer.loadbalancer
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LoadBalancer.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `loadbalancer` (Attributes) Details of the LoadBalancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--loadbalancer))

<a id="nestedatt--loadbalancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `loadbalancer`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : LoadBalancer for web traffic
  - maxLength : 255
- `firewall_id` (String) The firewall ID associated with the LoadBalancer.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_ID
- `health_check_ip` (List of String) The list of health check IP addresses.
  - example : ["192.168.1.1", "192.168.1.2"]
- `layer_type` (String) The layer type of the Load Balancer.
  - example : L7
  - pattern : L4 | L7
- `name` (String) The name of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : LoadBalancer01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `public_nat_enabled` (Boolean) Whether public NAT is enabled.
  - example : true
- `service_ip` (String) The service IP address of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : 192.168.1.100
- `source_nat_ip` (String) The source NAT IP address.
  - example : 192.168.1.101
- `state` (String) The current state of the Load Balancer.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | ERROR
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the LoadBalancer is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the LoadBalancer is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `id` (String) The unique identifier.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY