---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_certificate Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: LB Certificate
description: |-
  Retrieve details of a specific LB Certificate.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_certificate (Data Source)

Retrieve details of a specific LB Certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_certificate" "lb_certificate" {
    id = var.id
}


output "lbListener" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_certificate.lb_certificate
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LB Certificate.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `lb_certificate` (Attributes) Details of the LB Certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lb_certificate))

<a id="nestedatt--lb_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lb_certificate`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `cert_body` (String, Sensitive) The certificate body in PEM format.
  - example : (sensitive value)
- `cert_chain` (String, Sensitive) The certificate chain in PEM format.
  - example : (sensitive value)
- `cert_kind` (String) The type of certificate.
  - example : SERVER
  - pattern : SERVER | CLIENT
- `cn` (String) The common name (CN) of the certificate.
  - example : example.com
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LB Certificate.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `name` (String) The name of the LB Certificate.
  - example : Certificate01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `not_after_dt` (String) The expiration date of the certificate.
  - example : 2026-02-12T23:59:59Z
- `not_before_dt` (String) The start date of the certificate validity.
  - example : 2025-02-12T00:00:00Z
- `organization` (String) The organization name in the certificate.
  - example : Samsung SDS
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key associated with the certificate.
  - example : (sensitive value)
- `state` (String) The current state of the LB Certificate.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : ACTIVE | ERROR

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY