---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_group Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: LB Server Group
description: |-
  Retrieve details of a specific LB Server Group.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_group (Data Source)

Retrieve details of a specific LB Server Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_group" "lbservergroup" {
  id = var.id
}

output "lbServerGroup" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_group.lbservergroup
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LB Server Group.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `lb_server_group` (Attributes) Details of the LB Server Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lb_server_group))

<a id="nestedatt--lb_server_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lb_server_group`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Server group for web servers
  - maxLength : 255
- `lb_health_check_id` (String) The LB Health Check ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S LB_HEALTH_CHECK_ID
- `lb_method` (String) The load balancing method.
  - example : ROUND_ROBIN
  - pattern : ROUND_ROBIN | LEAST_CONNECTION | IP_HASH | WEIGHTED_ROUND_ROBIN | WEIGHTED_LEAST_CONNECTION
- `lb_name` (String) The name of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : LoadBalancer01
- `loadbalancer_id` (String) The LoadBalancer ID associated with the server group.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S LOADBALANCER_ID
- `name` (String) The name of the LB Server Group.
  - example : ServerGroup01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the server group.
  - example : TCP
  - pattern : TCP | UDP
- `state` (String) The current state of the LB Server Group.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | ERROR | EDITING
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY