---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_groups Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: LB Server Group
description: |-
  Get List of Lb Server Groups.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_groups (Data Source)

Get List of Lb Server Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_groups" "lbservergroups" {
  name = var.name
  size = var.size
}


output "lbServerGroups" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_lb_server_groups.lbservergroups
}

variable "name" {
  type    = string
  default = "er23"
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 20
}

variable "page" {
  type    = number
  default = null
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "vpc_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID"
}

variable "subnet_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the LB Server Group.
  - example : ServerGroup01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `page` (Number) The page number.
  - example : 0
- `protocol` (List of String) The protocol used for the server group.
  - example : TCP
  - pattern : TCP | UDP
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sort order.
  - example : name:asc
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

### Read-Only

- `lb_server_groups` (Attributes List) List of LB Server Groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lb_server_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--lb_server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lb_server_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LB Server Group.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `lb_name` (String) The name of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : LoadBalancer01
- `lb_server_group_member_count` (Number) The number of members in the LB Server Group.
  - example : 3
- `loadbalancer_id` (String) The LoadBalancer ID associated with the server group.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S LOADBALANCER_ID
- `name` (String) The name of the LB Server Group.
  - example : ServerGroup01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the server group.
  - example : TCP
  - pattern : TCP | UDP
- `state` (String) The current state of the LB Server Group.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | ERROR | EDITING
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY