---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancers Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Load Balancer
description: |-
  Get List of Loadbalancers.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancers (Data Source)

Get List of Loadbalancers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancers" "loadbalancers" {
  name = var.name
  size = var.size
}


output "loadbalancers" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancers.loadbalancers
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 20
}

variable "page" {
  type    = number
  default = null
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "name" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "service_ip" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "subnet_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID"
}

variable "vpc_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : LoadBalancer01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 0
- `service_ip` (String) The service IP address of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : 192.168.1.100
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order.
  - example : created_at:desc
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

### Read-Only

- `loadbalancers` (Attributes List) List of LoadBalancers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--loadbalancers))

<a id="nestedatt--loadbalancers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `loadbalancers`

Optional:

- `firewall_id` (String) The firewall ID associated with the LoadBalancer.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_ID
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the LoadBalancer.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `layer_type` (String) The layer type of the Load Balancer.
  - example : L7
  - pattern : L4 | L7
- `listener_count` (Number) The number of listeners attached to the LoadBalancer.
  - example : 2
- `name` (String) The name of the LoadBalancer.
  - example : LoadBalancer01
  - minLength : 1
  - maxLength : 63
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$
- `public_nat_enabled` (Boolean) Whether public NAT is enabled.
  - example : true
- `service_ip` (String) The service IP address.
  - example : 192.168.1.100
- `source_nat_ip` (String) The source NAT IP address.
  - example : 192.168.1.101
- `state` (String) The current state of the Load Balancer.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | ERROR
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY