---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_network_logging_network_logging_configurations Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Network Logging Configuration
description: |-
  List of network logging configurations
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_network_logging_network_logging_configurations (Data Source)

List of network logging configurations

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_network_logging_network_logging_configurations" "networkloggingconfigurations" {
  limit = var.limit
  resource_id = var.resource_id
  resource_name = var.resource_name
  resource_type = var.resource_type
}


output "networkLoggingConfigurations" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_network_logging_network_logging_configurations.networkloggingconfigurations
}

variable "limit" {
  type    = number
  default = 20
}

variable "marker" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "resource_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S RESOURCE_ID"
}

variable "resource_name" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "resource_type" {
  type    = string
  default = "FIREWALL"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_type` (String) Type of the Resource. 
  - example : FIREWALL | SECURITY_GROUP | NAT

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) Number of items returned per page. 
  - example : 10 
  - maximum : 10000 
  - minimum : 1
- `marker` (String) Pagination Start ID. 
  - example : 607e0938521643b5b4b266f343fae693 
  - maxLength : 64 
  - minLength : 1
- `resource_id` (String) Identifier of the Resource. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S RESOURCE_ID
- `resource_name` (String) Name of the Resource. 
  - example : FW_IGW_example
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for descending order. 
  - example : created_at:desc

### Read-Only

- `network_logging_configurations` (Attributes List) A List of network logging configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_logging_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--network_logging_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_logging_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) Identifier of the Account. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the Bucket. 
  - example : bucket_name
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format. 
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `down_interface` (String) Interface Name fo the Down Direction. 
  - example : IFW1-v1234dn
- `id` (String) Identifier of the Network Logging Configuration. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format. 
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `resource_id` (String) Identifier of Resource. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S RESOURCE_ID
- `resource_name` (String) Name of the Resource. 
  - example : FW_IGW_example
- `resource_type` (String) Type of the Resource. 
  - example : FIREWALL | SECURITY_GROUP | NAT
- `security_group_log_id` (String) Log Identifier of the SecurityGroup. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SECURITY_GROUP_LOG_ID
- `up_interface` (String) Interface Name of the Up Direction. 
  - example : IFW1-v1234up