---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_resourcemanager_resource_tags Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Resource Tag
description: |-
  list of resource tag.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_resourcemanager_resource_tags (Data Source)

list of resource tag.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `srn` (String) The System Resource Name (SRN) of the resource group.

Example: `srn:s::13d97ad943ca452481d624f78391df13:kr-west1::resourcemanager:resource-group/70636f984e564b3c9e54e74a53f9318d`

### Optional

- `page` (Number) A Number of page.

Example: `1`
- `size` (Number) A Number of results displayed per page.

Example: `15`
- `sort` (String) Sorts the query results.

Example: `createdAt:desc`

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) This is set data of SRNs and tags.

Example: See nested attributes below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `encoded_srn` (String) The System Resource Name (SRN) of the resource group with base64 encoded.

Example: `c3JuOnM6OjEzZDk3YWQ5NDNjYTQ1MjQ4MWQ2MjRmNzgzOTFkZjEzOmtyLXdlc3QxOjpyZXNvdXJjZW1hbmFnZXI6cmVzb3VyY2UtZ3JvdXAvNzA2MzZmOTg0ZTU2NGIzYzllNTRlNzRhNTNmOTMxOGQ=`

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `srn` (String) The System Resource Name (SRN) of the resource group.

Example: `srn:s::13d97ad943ca452481d624f78391df13:kr-west1::resourcemanager:resource-group/70636f984e564b3c9e54e74a53f9318d`
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tag.

Example: See nested attributes below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--content--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.

Example: `Environment`
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.

Example: `Production`