---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_resourcemanager_resource_group Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Resource Group
description: |-
  resource group.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_resourcemanager_resource_group (Data Source)

resource group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_resourcemanager_resource_group" "resource_group" {
  tags = var.resource_group_tags
  filter {
    name = var.resource_group_filter_name
    values = var.resource_group_filter_values
    use_regex = var.resource_group_filter_use_regex
  }
}


output "resource_group" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_resourcemanager_resource_group.resource_group.resource_group
}


variable "resource_group_tags" {
  type = map(string)
  default = {
    tf_key1 = "tf_val1"
  }
}

variable "resource_group_filter_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "name"
}

variable "resource_group_filter_values" {
  type    = list(string)
  default = ["test"]
}

variable "resource_group_filter_use_regex" {
  type    = bool
  default = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource group.

Example: `e4b2c3f8a1d94b6b9f7e8c2d3a4f5b67`
- `name` (String) The name of the resource group.

Example: `example-rg`
- `region` (String) Region
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `resource_group` (Attributes) The detailed information of the resource group.

Example: See nested attributes below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_group))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Filtering target name
  - example: name
- `use_regex` (Boolean) Enable regex match for values
  - example: true
- `values` (List of String) Filtering values. Each matching value is appended. (OR rule)
  - example: ['values']


<a id="nestedatt--resource_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_group`

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource group.

Example: `2023-10-27T10:00:00Z`
- `created_by` (String) The user ID of the creator.

Example: `e4b2c3f8a1d94b6b9f7e8c2d3a4f5b67`
- `description` (String) Description of the resource group.

Example: `My resource group`
- `group_definition_tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs representing group definition tags.

Example: `[{Key: Environment, Value: Production}]` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_group--group_definition_tags))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource group.

Example: `e4b2c3f8a1d94b6b9f7e8c2d3a4f5b67`
- `modified_at` (String) The modification timestamp of the resource group.

Example: `2023-10-27T10:00:00Z`
- `modified_by` (String) The user ID of the modifier.

Example: `e4b2c3f8a1d94b6b9f7e8c2d3a4f5b67`
- `name` (String) The name of the resource group.

Example: `example-rg`
- `region` (String) The region code where the resource group is located.

Example: `kr-west1`
- `resource_types` (List of String) A list of resource types associated with the group.

Example: `["virtual-server"]`
- `srn` (String) The System Resource Name (SRN) of the resource group.

Example: `srn:s::13d97ad943ca452481d624f78391df13:kr-west1::resourcemanager:resource-group/70636f984e564b3c9e54e74a53f9318d`

<a id="nestedatt--resource_group--group_definition_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_group.group_definition_tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.

Example: `Environment`
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.

Example: `Production`