---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_security_group_security_group_rule Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Security Group Rule
description: |-
  Retrieves details of a security group rule.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_security_group_security_group_rule (Data Source)

Retrieves details of a security group rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_security_group_security_group_rule" "securitygrouprule" {
  id = var.id
}


output "security_group_rule" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_security_group_security_group_rule.securitygrouprule.security_group_rule
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `security_group_rule` (Attributes) The security group rule resource details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_group_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--security_group_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_group_rule`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-01-15T10:30:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user ID that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) A brief explanation or note about this resource.
  - example: Security group for web tier
- `direction` (String) The direction of the traffic the rule applies to.
  - example: ingress
- `ethertype` (String) The Ethernet protocol type the rule applies to.
  - example: IPv4
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-06-01T14:22:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user ID that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `port_range_max` (Number) The maximum port number of the rule's port range.
  - example: 10
- `port_range_min` (Number) The minimum port number of the rule's port range.
  - example: 5
- `protocol` (String) The network protocol the rule applies to.
  - example: TCP
- `remote_group_id` (String) The identifier of the remote security group the rule applies to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S REMOTE_GROUP_ID
- `remote_group_name` (String) The name of the remote security group the rule applies to.
  - example: sg-db-prod
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP address range the rule applies to in CIDR notation.
  - example: 10.0.0.0/24
- `security_group_id` (String) The identifier of the security group that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SECURITY_GROUP_ID