---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_groups Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: ServiceWatch
description: |-
  Log Group Data Sources
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_groups (Data Source)

Log Group Data Sources

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_groups" "log_groups" {
  name = var.name
  retention_periods = [-1]
}


output "log_groups" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_groups.log_groups.log_groups
}


variable "name" {
  type    = string
  default = "test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (String) List of Log group IDs.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S IDS
- `name` (String) The name of log group.
 - example : testlg01
 - minLength: 3
 - maxLength: 512
- `retention_periods` (List of Number) List of Log group retention periods.
 - example : [365]

### Read-Only

- `log_groups` (Attributes List) List of Log groups.
 - example : [{"id": "bce52822147744b4afe0187164caa2e8", "name": "testlg01"}] (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--log_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_groups`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The unique identifier of the account.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the log group.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of log group.
 - example : testlg01
- `retention_period` (Number) Log group retention period.
 - example : 365
- `retention_period_name` (String) Log group retention period name.
 - example : 1 year
- `status` (String) Log group status.
Allowed values: ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED.
 - example : ACTIVE