---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_event_rule Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: ServiceWatch
description: |-
  Event Rule Data Source
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_event_rule (Data Source)

Event Rule Data Source

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_event_rule" "event_rule" {
  event_rule_id = var.id
}


output "event_rule" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_event_rule.event_rule
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `event_rule_id` (String) The unique identifier of the event rule.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S EVENT_RULE_ID

### Read-Only

- `event_rule` (Attributes) List of event rule.
 - example : {"id": "b73f95c698f540dab18860f72fafd03f", "name": "Event rule 1"} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--event_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_rule`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The unique identifier of the account.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `active_yn` (String) Whether the Event rule is active.
 - example : Y
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Event rule description.
 - example : Event rule 1 description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the event rule.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) Event rule name.
 - example : Event rule 1
- `resource_type_id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource type.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S RESOURCE_TYPE_ID
- `service_id` (String) The unique identifier of the service.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SERVICE_ID