---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_alert Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: ServiceWatch
description: |-
  Alert Data Source
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_alert (Data Source)

Alert Data Source

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_alert" "alert" {
  id = var.id
}


output "alert" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_alert.alert.alert
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Alert ID.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `alert` (Attributes) Alert information.
 - example : Alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert))

<a id="nestedatt--alert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert`

Read-Only:

- `activated_yn` (String) Whether the Alert is activated or not.
 - example : Y
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Alert description.
 - example : Description for Alert Test
- `dimensions` (Attributes List) List of dimensions.
 - example : [{"key": "instance_id", "value": "i-12345678"}] (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert--dimensions))
- `evaluation_count` (Number) Evaluation count for the Alert condition.
 - example : 3
- `evaluation_time_window` (Number) Evaluation time window (period * evaluation_count).
 - example : 900
- `level` (String) Alert level - HIGH, MIDDLE, LOW.
 - example : HIGH
- `lower_bound` (Number) Lower bound for the Alert range operator.
 - example : 80.0
- `metric_id` (String) The unique identifier of the metric.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S METRIC_ID
- `metric_name` (String) The name of the metric.
 - example : CPU Usage
- `metric_unit` (String) The unit of the metric.
 - example : BYTE
- `missing_data_option` (String) Missing data option - MISSING, BREACHING, NOT_BREACHING, IGNORE.
 - example : BREACHING
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) Alert name.
 - example : Alert Test
- `namespace_id` (String) The unique identifier of the namespace.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S NAMESPACE_ID
- `namespace_name` (String) The name of the namespace.
 - example : Virtual Server
- `operator` (String) Operator - EQ, NOT_EQ, GT, GTE, LT, LTE, RANGE.
 - example : RANGE
- `period` (Number) Period (seconds).
 - example : 300
- `srn` (String) SDS cloud resource name of the Alert.
 - example : srn:dev2::1bcf39b344ac41cbaf0466ff0d2bebad:kr-west1::scp-servicewatch:alert/0ad6da92-634a-4f8c-932e-9d650599ab1e
- `state` (String) Alert state - NORMAL, ALERT, INSUFFICIENT_DATA.
 - example : NORMAL
- `statistic` (String) Statistic - SUM, AVG, MAX, MIN.
 - example : AVG
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold for the Alert condition (except for RANGE operator).
 - example : 80.0
- `upper_bound` (Number) Upper bound for the Alert range operator.
 - example : 90.0
- `violation_count` (Number) Violation count for the Alert condition.
 - example : 2

<a id="nestedatt--alert--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert.dimensions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Dimension key.
 - example : instance_id
- `value` (String) Dimension value.
 - example : i-12345678