---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Show Transit Gateway
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway (Data Source)

Show Transit Gateway

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway" "vpctransitgateway" {
  id = var.id
}


output "vpctransitgateway" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway.vpctransitgateway
}



variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `transit_gateway` (Attributes) Transit Gateway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transit_gateway))

<a id="nestedatt--transit_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transit_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth capacity of the connection.
  - example : 1
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this transit gateway. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : TransitGateway Description
- `firewall_connection_state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the firewall connection. 
  - example : INACTIVE
- `firewall_ids` (String) List of firewall IDs
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_IDS
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the transit gateway.
  - example : TransitGatewayName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the transit gateway.
  - enum: CREATING, ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED, ERROR, EDITING 
  - example : CREATING
- `uplink_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the uplink is enabled.
  - example : false