---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  List of Private NAT.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat (Data Source)

List of Private NAT.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat" "my_private_nat" {
  private_nat_id = var.private_nat_id
}


output "privatenat" {
  value = {
    private_nat: data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat.my_private_nat.private_nat
  }
}


variable "private_nat_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_NAT_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `private_nat_id` (String) The identifier of the private NAT.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_NAT_ID

### Read-Only

- `private_nat` (Attributes) Private NAT details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_nat))

<a id="nestedatt--private_nat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_nat`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the private NAT.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `cidr` (String) The IP address range of the network in CIDR notation.
  - example : 192.167.0.0/24
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format. 
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource. 
  - example : PrivateNat Description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private NAT.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format. 
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) Modified By 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the private NAT.
  - example : PrivateNatName
- `service_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the connected service resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SERVICE_RESOURCE_ID
- `service_resource_name` (String) Private NAT connected Service Resource Name 
  - example : PrivateNatName
- `service_type` (String) The type of the connected service.
  - example : DIRECT_CONNECT | TRANSIT_GATEWAY
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the private NAT.
  - example : ACTIVE