---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_subnet_vip Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Detail information about Subnet Vip.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_subnet_vip (Data Source)

Detail information about Subnet Vip.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_subnet_vip" "subnet_vip_detail" {
  subnet_id = var.subnet_id
  vip_id    = var.vip_id
}


output "subnet_vip" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_subnet_vip.subnet_vip_detail.subnet_vip
}


variable "subnet_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID"
}
variable "vip_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VIP_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the subnet vip belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vip_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet vip.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VIP_ID

### Read-Only

- `subnet_vip` (Attributes) Subnet vip detail (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnet_vip))

<a id="nestedatt--subnet_vip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnet_vip`

Read-Only:

- `connected_ports` (Attributes List) Connected Ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnet_vip--connected_ports))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this subnet vip. This help identify the purpose or usage of the subnet vip.
  - example : resourceDescription
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the subnet vip.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the subnet vip.
  - enum : CREATING, ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED, ERROR
  - example : ACTIVE
- `static_nat` (Attributes) Static NAT Info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnet_vip--static_nat))
- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the subnet vip belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vip_port_id` (String) The identifier of the vip port.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VIP_PORT_ID
- `virtual_ip_address` (String) The virtual IP address assigned to the subnet vip.
  - example : 192.168.20.6

<a id="nestedatt--subnet_vip--connected_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnet_vip.connected_ports`

Read-Only:

- `attached_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the resource that this resource is attached to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ATTACHED_RESOURCE_ID
- `attached_resource_type` (String) The type of the resource that this resource is attached to.
  - example : VM
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the connected port.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `port_id` (String) The unique identifier of the port
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PORT_ID
- `port_ip_address` (String) The ip address of the port.
  - example : 192.168.0.1
- `port_name` (String) The name of the port.
  - example : 7df8abb4912e4709b1cb237daccca7a8


<a id="nestedatt--subnet_vip--static_nat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnet_vip.static_nat`

Read-Only:

- `external_ip_address` (String) Static Nat External Ip Address
  - example : 192.168.0.1
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Static Nat.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `publicip_id` (String) The identifier of the public IP address.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PUBLICIP_ID
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the the Static Nat.
  - example : ACTIVE