---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_vpc_connections Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  List of TGW VPC.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_vpc_connections (Data Source)

List of TGW VPC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_vpc_connections" "transitgateway_vpc_connections" {
  size = var.size
  sort = var.sort
  page = var.page
  id = var.id
  transit_gateway_id = var.transit_gateway_id
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id
  vpc_name = var.vpc_name
  state = var.state
}


output "vpctransitgateway" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_vpc_connections.transitgateway_vpc_connections
}


variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}


variable "page" {
  type    = number
  default = 0
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = "created_at:desc"
}


variable "transit_gateway_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID"
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}

variable "vpc_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID"
}

variable "vpc_name" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}

variable "state" {
  type    = string
  default = "ACTIVE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The identifier of the transit gateway that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 1
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 3
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for decending order.
  - example : created_at:asc
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the resource.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example : vpcName

### Read-Only

- `transit_gateway_vpc_connections` (Attributes List) A list of TransitGateway VpcConnection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transit_gateway_vpc_connections))

<a id="nestedatt--transit_gateway_vpc_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transit_gateway_vpc_connections`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the connection.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the connection.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the connection.
  - enum: CREATING, ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED, ERROR, EDITING
  - example : ACTIVE
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The identifier of the transit gateway that the connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the connection belongs to.
  - example : vpcName