---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateways Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  List of Transit Gateway
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateways (Data Source)

List of Transit Gateway

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateways" "vpctransitgateway" {
  firewall_connection_state = var.firewall_connection_state
  name                      = var.name
  id                        = var.id
  size                      = var.size
  sort                      = var.sort
  page                      = var.page
  state                     = var.state
}


output "vpctransitgateway" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateways.vpctransitgateway
}


variable "firewall_connection_state" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}


variable "name" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}


variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}


variable "page" {
  type    = number
  default = 0
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = "created_at:desc"
}

variable "state" {
  type    = string
  default = "ACTIVE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `firewall_connection_state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the firewall connection. 
  - enum: [ATTACHING, ACTIVE, DETACHING, DELETED, INACTIVE, ERROR]
  - example: ACTIVE
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `name` (String) The name of the transit gateway. 
  - example : TransitGatewayName
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 0
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 20
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for decending order. 
  - example : created_at:desc
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the transit gateway. 
  - enum: [ATTACHING, ACTIVE, DETACHING, DELETED, INACTIVE, ERROR]
  - example:ACTIVE

### Read-Only

- `tgws` (Attributes List) A list of tgw. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tgws))
- `total_count` (Number) Total count
  - Example : 20

<a id="nestedatt--tgws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tgws`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth capacity of the connection.
  - example : 1
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this transit gateway. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Tgw description
- `firewall_connection_state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the firewall connection. 
  - example : INACTIVE
- `firewall_ids` (String) List of firewall IDs
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_IDS
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the transit gateway.
  - example : Tgw name
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the transit gateway. 
  - enum: CREATING, ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED, ERROR, EDITING
  - example:ACTIVE
- `uplink_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the uplink is enabled.
  - example : false