---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Show Vpc peering
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering (Data Source)

Show Vpc peering

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering" "vpc" {
        id = var.id
}


output "vpcs_peering" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering.vpc
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the peering.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `vpc_peering` (Attributes) A detail of VpcPeering. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peering))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peering`

Read-Only:

- `account_type` (String) The type of account.
  - Enum: SAME | DIFFERENT
  - example:SAME
- `approver_vpc_account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that the approver VPC belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S APPROVER_VPC_ACCOUNT_ID
- `approver_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the approver VPC.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S APPROVER_VPC_ID
- `approver_vpc_name` (String) The name of the approver VPC.
  - example : 7df8abb4912e4709b1cb237daccca7a8
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - Example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - Example: 90dddfc2b1e04edba54ba2b41539a9ac
- `delete_requester_account_id` (String) The identifier of account that the deletion requester belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S DELETE_REQUESTER_ACCOUNT_ID
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : resourceDescription
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the peering.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
   - Example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
   - Example: 90dddfc2b1e04edba54ba2b41539a9ac
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
  - Minimum length: 3
  - Maximum length: 20
  - Pattern: ^[a-zA-Z0-9-]*$
- `requester_vpc_account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that the requester VPC belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S REQUESTER_VPC_ACCOUNT_ID
- `requester_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the requester VPC.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S REQUESTER_VPC_ID
- `requester_vpc_name` (String) The name of the requester VPC.
  - example : resourceName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the peering.
  - Enum: CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | DELETED | ERROR | EDITING | CREATING_REQUESTING | REJECTED | CANCELED | DELETING_REQUESTING
  - example:ACTIVE