---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rules Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  List of transit gateway rule.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rules (Data Source)

List of transit gateway rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rules" "vpc_transitgateway_routingrules" {
  transit_gateway_id      = var.transit_gateway_id
  size                    = var.size
  page                    = var.page
  sort                    = var.sort
  id                      = var.id
  tgw_connection_vpc_id   = var.tgw_connection_vpc_id
  tgw_connection_vpc_name = var.tgw_connection_vpc_name
  source_type             = var.source_type
  destination_type        = var.destination_type
  destination_cidr        = var.destination_cidr
  state                   = var.state
  rule_type               = var.rule_type
}


output "vpc_transitgateway_routingrules" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rules.vpc_transitgateway_routingrules
}


variable "transit_gateway_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID"
}

variable "size" {
  type    = number
  default = 10
}

variable "page" {
  type    = number
  default = 0
}

variable "sort" {
  type    = string
  default = "created_at:desc"
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}

variable "tgw_connection_vpc_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S TGW_CONNECTION_VPC_ID"
}

variable "tgw_connection_vpc_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "test0819"
}

variable "source_type" {
  type    = string
  default = "TGW"
}

variable "destination_type" {
  type    = string
  default = "VPC"
}

variable "destination_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = "1.1.1.0/24"
}

variable "state" {
  type    = string
  default = "ACTIVE"
}

variable "rule_type" {
  type    = string
  default = null
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The identifier of the transit gateway that the rule belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID

### Optional

- `destination_cidr` (String) The destination IP address range in CIDR notation.
  - example : 10.10.10.0/24
- `destination_type` (String) The type of the destination.
  - example : VPC | TGW
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `page` (Number) The page number for pagination.
  - example : 2
- `rule_type` (String) The type of the rule.
  - enum: TGW_VPC, TGW_UPLINK
  - example:TGW_VPC
- `size` (Number) The number of items per page.
  - example : 7df8abb4912e4709b1cb237daccca7a8
- `sort` (String) The sorting criteria in the format 'field_name:asc' for ascending or 'field_name:desc' for decending order.
  - example : created_at:desc
- `source_type` (String) The type of the source
  - enum:VPC, TGW
  - example:VPC
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the rule.
  - enum: CREATING, ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED, ERROR, EDITING
  - example:ACTIVE
- `tgw_connection_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TGW_CONNECTION_VPC_ID
- `tgw_connection_vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example : vpcName

### Read-Only

- `routing_rules` (Attributes List) Routing rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules))
- `total_count` (Number) count
  - example: 20

<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : description
- `destination_cidr` (String) The destination IP address range in CIDR notation.
  - example : 10.10.10.0/24
- `destination_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the destination resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S DESTINATION_RESOURCE_ID
- `destination_resource_name` (String) The name of the destination resource.
  - example : resourcename
- `destination_type` (String) The type of the destination.
  - example : VPC | TGW
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `source_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the source resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SOURCE_RESOURCE_ID
- `source_resource_name` (String) The name of the source resource.
  - example : sourceName
- `source_type` (String) The type of the source.
  - example : VPC | TGW
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the rule.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `tgw_connection_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TGW_CONNECTION_VPC_ID
- `tgw_connection_vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example : vpcName