---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_gateway Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPN Gateway
description: |-
  VPN Gateway
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_gateway (Data Source)

VPN Gateway

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_gateway" "vpngateway" {
  id = var.id
}


output "vpn_gateway" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_gateway.vpngateway.vpn_gateway
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `vpn_gateway` (Attributes) The identifier of the VPN gateway that the resource belongs to.
  - example: 01c543eb4b8d42a9a3502345d4025147 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_gateway))

<a id="nestedatt--vpn_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-01-15T10:30:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user ID that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) A brief explanation or note about this resource.
  - example: VPN test
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the resource.
  - example: 10.0.0.0/24
- `ip_id` (String) The identifier of the IP address assigned to the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S IP_ID
- `ip_type` (String) The type of the IP address assigned to the resource.
  - example: PUBLIC
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-06-01T14:22:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user ID that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
  - example: vpnGWProd
- `state` (String) The current state of the resource.
  - example: ACTIVE
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: vpcProd01