---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_tunnel Data Source - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPN Tunnel
description: |-
  VPN Tunnel
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_tunnel (Data Source)

VPN Tunnel

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

data "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_tunnel" "vpntunnel" {
  id = var.id
}


output "vpn_tunnel" {
  value = data.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpn_vpn_tunnel.vpntunnel.vpn_tunnel
}


variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID

### Read-Only

- `vpn_tunnel` (Attributes) VPN Tunnel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel))

<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-01-15T10:30:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user ID that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) A brief explanation or note about this resource.
  - example: VPN test
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2025-06-01T14:22:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user ID that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
  - example: vpnGWProd
- `phase1` (Attributes) The IKE phase 1 negotiation settings of the VPN tunnel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel--phase1))
- `phase2` (Attributes) The IKE phase 2 negotiation settings of the VPN tunnel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel--phase2))
- `state` (String) The current state of the resource.
  - example: ACTIVE
- `status` (String) The current status of the vpn tunnel.
  - example: UP
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: vpcProd01
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) The identifier of the VPN gateway that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPN_GATEWAY_ID
- `vpn_gateway_ip_address` (String) The IP address of the VPN gateway.
  - example: 10.0.0.0/24
- `vpn_gateway_name` (String) The name of the VPN gateway that the resource belongs to.
  - example: vpnGWProd

<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel--phase1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel.phase1`

Read-Only:

- `diffie_hellman_groups` (List of Number) The list of Diffie-Hellman groups for IKE phase 1.
  - example: [30, 31, 32]
- `dpd_retry_interval` (Number) The Dead Peer Detection retry interval in seconds.
  - example: 60
- `encryptions` (List of String) The list of encryption algorithms for IKE phase 1.
  - example: ["null-md5", "aes128gcm", "chacha20poly1305"]
- `ike_version` (Number) The IKE (Internet Key Exchange) protocol version.
  - example: 2
- `life_time` (Number) The lifetime of the IKE phase 1 security association in seconds.
  - example: 86400
- `peer_gateway_ip` (String) The IP address of the peer VPN gateway.
  - example: 123.0.0.2


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel--phase2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel.phase2`

Read-Only:

- `diffie_hellman_groups` (List of Number) The list of Diffie-Hellman groups for IKE phase 2.
  - example: [30, 31, 32]
- `encryptions` (List of String) The list of encryption algorithms for IKE phase 2.
  - example: ["null-md5", "aes128gcm", "chacha20poly1305"]
- `life_time` (Number) The lifetime of the IKE phase 2 security association in seconds.
  - example: 86400
- `perfect_forward_secrecy` (String) The Perfect Forward Secrecy setting for IKE phase 2.
  - example: ENABLE
- `remote_subnets` (List of String) The list of remote subnets for IKE phase 2.
  - example: ["10.1.1.0/24", "10.1.2.0/24", "10.1.3.0/24"]