---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_record Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  A DNS record resource for managing domain name resolution.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_record (Resource)

A DNS record resource for managing domain name resolution.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_record" "record" {
  hosted_zone_id = var.id
  record_create = var.record
}

output "record" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_record.record
}

variable "record" {
  type = object({
    description = string
    name        = string
    records     = list(string)
    ttl         = number
    type        = string
  })
  default = {
    description = "aaaaa"
    name        = "terraform22.com"
    records     = ["1.1.1.6"]
    ttl         = 300
    type        = "A"
  }
}

variable "id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The identifier of the hosted zone that contains this DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S HOSTED_ZONE_ID
- `record_create` (Attributes) Parameters for creating a new DNS record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--record_create))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `record` (Attributes) Detailed information about the DNS record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--record))

<a id="nestedatt--record_create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `record_create`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name for the DNS record to be created.
  - example : test.app
- `records` (List of String) A list of data for this record
  - example : ["12.34.45.67"]
- `type` (String) The type of the DNS record to create (e.g., A, AAAA, CNAME, MX, TXT).
  - example : A

Optional:

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `ttl` (Number) The Time-To-Live (TTL) value in seconds for the DNS record.
  - example : 3600


<a id="nestedatt--record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `record`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action performed on the DNS record.
  - example : NONE
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS record.
  - example : test.app
- `project_id` (String) The project identifier associated with the DNS record.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PROJECT_ID
- `records` (List of String) A list of data for this record
  - example : ["12.34.45.67"]
- `status` (String) The current status of the DNS record.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `ttl` (Number) The Time-To-Live (TTL) value in seconds for the DNS record.
  - example : 3600
- `type` (String) The type of the DNS record (e.g., A, AAAA, CNAME, MX, TXT, SPF).
  - example : A
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last updated, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2026-02-09T08:00:40Z
- `version` (Number) The version of the DNS record.
  - example : 1
- `zone_id` (String) ID for the zone that contains this record
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ZONE_ID
- `zone_name` (String) The name of the zone that contains this record
  - example : my-zone.com

Read-Only:

- `links` (Attributes) The links related to the DNS record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--record--links))

<a id="nestedatt--record--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `record.links`

Optional:

- `self` (String) The self-referential link of the DNS record.
  - example : https://api.samsungsdscloud.com/dns/v1/records/3432012nfdksdf03ktrld9234lgfg