---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dns Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  A private DNS instance for managing internal DNS resolution.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dns (Resource)

A private DNS instance for managing internal DNS resolution.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dns" "private_dns" {
  private_dns_create = var.private_dns
  tags = var.tag
}

output "private_dns" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_private_dns.private_dns
}

variable "private_dns" {
  type = object({
    connected_vpc_ids = list(string)
    description       = string
    name              = string
  })
  default = {
    connected_vpc_ids = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S CONNECTED_VPC_IDS"
    description       = "aaaaa"
    name              = "terraform"
  }
}

variable "tag" {
  type = object({
    test_terraform_tag_key = string
  })
  default = {
    test_terraform_tag_key = "test_terraform_tag_value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `private_dns_create` (Attributes) Configuration for creating a new private DNS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_dns_create))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private DNS.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `private_dns` (Attributes) Detailed information about the private DNS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_dns))

<a id="nestedatt--private_dns_create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_dns_create`

Optional:

- `connected_vpc_ids` (List of String) The list of VPC identifiers connected to this private DNS.Only VPCs that are connected to the DNS can query the domain information registered in it.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CONNECTED_VPC_IDS
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `name` (String) The name for the private DNS to be created.
  - example : private-dns01


<a id="nestedatt--private_dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_dns`

Optional:

- `auth_dns_name` (String) The authoritative DNS name of the private DNS.
  - example : auth.dns.example.com
- `connected_vpc_ids` (List of String) The list of VPC identifiers connected to this private DNS.Only VPCs that are connected to the DNS can query the domain information registered in it.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CONNECTED_VPC_IDS
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private DNS.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the private DNS.
  - example : private-dns01
- `pool_id` (String) The resource pool identifier associated with the private DNS.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S POOL_ID
- `pool_name` (String) The name of the resource pool.
  - example : pool-01
- `registered_region` (String) The region where the private DNS is registered.
  - example : KR-WEST1
- `resolver_ip` (String) The IP address of the DNS resolver.
  - example : 198.19.0.101
- `resolver_name` (String) The name of the DNS resolver.
  - example : resolver-01
- `state` (String) The current state of the private DNS.
  - example : ACTIVE

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z