---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: DNS
description: |-
  A hosted zone that contains DNS records for managing domain name resolution.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone (Resource)

A hosted zone that contains DNS records for managing domain name resolution.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone" "hosted_zone" {
  hosted_zone_create = var.hosted_zone
  tags = var.tag
}

output "hosted_zone" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_dns_hosted_zone.hosted_zone
}

variable "hosted_zone" {
  type = object({
    description    = string
    name           = string
    private_dns_id = string
    type           = string
  })
  default = {
    description    = "bbbbbbbbbbbbbb"
    name           = "terraform33.com"
    private_dns_id = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_DNS_ID"
    type           = "private"
  }
}

variable "tag" {
  type = object({
    test_terraform_tag_key = string
  })
  default = {
    test_terraform_tag_key = "test_terraform_tag_value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hosted_zone_create` (Attributes) Parameters for creating a new hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosted_zone_create))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the hosted zone to query.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `zone` (Attributes) Detailed information about the hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone))

<a id="nestedatt--hosted_zone_create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosted_zone_create`

Required:

- `name` (String) The domain name that a DNS service manages. all DNS records for that domain and its sub‑domains are stored and served within this hosted zone.
  - example : my-zone.com
- `type` (String) The type of the hosted zone (e.g., public or private).
  - example : private

Optional:

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `private_dns_id` (String) The DNS server ID for registering a Hosted Zone. Input this only when the Hosted Zone is of Private type.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_DNS_ID


<a id="nestedatt--zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone`

Optional:

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : This is description
- `hosted_zone_type` (String) The type of the hosted zone (e.g., public or private).
  - example : private
- `id` (String) Hosted Zone ID
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The domain name that a DNS service manages. all DNS records for that domain and its sub‑domains are stored and served within this hosted zone.
  - example : my-zone.com
- `pool_id` (String) Designate Pool ID
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S POOL_ID
- `private_dns_id` (String) The DNS server ID for registering a Hosted Zone.For a Public‑type Hosted Zone, display it as an empty value.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_DNS_ID
- `private_dns_name` (String) The DNS server name for registering a Hosted Zone.For a Public‑type Hosted Zone, display it as an empty value.
  - example : private-dns01
- `status` (String) The current status of the hosted zone (e.g., ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING).
  - example : ACTIVE
- `ttl` (Number) TTL for the zone.
  - example : 3600