---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer_public_nat_ip Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: Load Balancer
description: |-
  Loadbalancer Public NAT.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer_public_nat_ip (Resource)

Loadbalancer Public NAT.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer_public_nat_ip" "loadbalancerpublicnatip" {
  static_nat_create = var.static_nat
  loadbalancer_id = var.loadbalancer_id
}

output "static_nat" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_loadbalancer_loadbalancer_public_nat_ip.loadbalancerpublicnatip
}

variable "loadbalancer_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S LOADBALANCER_ID"
}
variable "static_nat" {
  type = object({
    publicip_id = string
  })
  default = {
    publicip_id = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S PUBLICIP_ID"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `loadbalancer_id` (String) The LoadBalancer ID associated with the Public NAT IP.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S LOADBALANCER_ID

### Optional

- `static_nat_create` (Attributes) Create Loadbalancer static NAT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_nat_create))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `loadbalancer_public_nat_ip` (Attributes) A detail of public NAT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--loadbalancer_public_nat_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--static_nat_create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_nat_create`

Optional:

- `publicip_id` (String) The public IP ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PUBLICIP_ID


<a id="nestedatt--loadbalancer_public_nat_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `loadbalancer_public_nat_ip`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `action_type` (String) The action type.
  - example : NAT_ALL
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Public NAT IP for internet access
  - maxLength : 255
- `external_ip_address` (String) The external IP address.
  - example : 203.0.113.1
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Public NAT IP.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `internal_ip_address` (String) The internal IP address.
  - example : 10.0.0.1
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-01-01T00:00:00Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the Public NAT IP.
  - example : PublicNatIp01
- `owner_id` (String) The owner ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S OWNER_ID
- `owner_name` (String) The owner name.
  - example : LoadBalancer01
- `owner_type` (String) The owner type.
  - example : ALB
- `publicip_id` (String) The public IP ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PUBLICIP_ID
- `service_ip_port_id` (String) The service IP port ID.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SERVICE_IP_PORT_ID
- `state` (String) The current state of the Public NAT IP.
  - example : ACTIVE
  - pattern : CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | ERROR
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID where the resource is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `type` (String) The type of static NAT.
  - example : INTERNET
  - pattern : INTERNET | PRIVATE_NAT
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the LoadBalancer is located.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID