---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_group Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: ServiceWatch
description: |-
  Log Group Resource
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_group (Resource)

Log Group Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_group" "log_group" {
  name = var.log_group_name
  retention_period = var.retention_period
}

output "log_group" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_servicewatch_log_group.log_group.log_group
}

variable "log_group_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "tf_log_group_test_01"
}

variable "retention_period" {
  type    = number
  default = 3
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Log group name.
 - example : testlg01
- `retention_period` (Number) Log group retention period.
 - example : 365

### Optional

- `log_group` (Attributes) List of Log group.
 - example : {"id": "bce52822147744b4afe0187164caa2e8", "name": "testlg01"} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_group))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Log group ID.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the Resource Group.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z

<a id="nestedatt--log_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_group`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The unique identifier of the account.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the log group.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
 - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
 - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) Log group name.
 - example : testlg01
- `retention_period` (Number) Log group retention period.
 - example : 365
- `retention_period_name` (String) Log group retention period name.
 - example : 1 year
- `status` (String) Log group status.
Allowed values: ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED.
 - example : ACTIVE