---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_nat_gateway Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Nat Gateway resource
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_nat_gateway (Resource)

Nat Gateway resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_nat_gateway" "natgateway" {
    subnet_id = var.natgateway_subnet_id
    publicip_id = var.natgateway_publicip_id
    description = var.natgateway_description
}


output "natgateway_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_nat_gateway.natgateway
}


variable "natgateway_subnet_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S NATGATEWAY_SUBNET_ID"
}

variable "natgateway_publicip_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S NATGATEWAY_PUBLICIP_ID"
}

variable "natgateway_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "description-by-terrafrom"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `publicip_id` (String) The identifier of the public IP address.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PUBLICIP_ID
- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the nat gateway belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : NAT Gateway Description
  - maxLength : 50
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the nat gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `nat_gateway` (Attributes) NatGateway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_gateway))

<a id="nestedatt--nat_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the NAT gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : NAT Gateway Description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the NAT gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the NAT gateway.
  - example : NatGatewayName
- `nat_gateway_ip_address` (String) The IP address of the NAT gateway.
  - example : 192.167.0.5
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the NAT gateway.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `subnet_cidr` (String) The IP address range of the subnet in CIDR notation.
  - example : 192.167.1.0/24
- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the NAT gateway belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `subnet_name` (String) The name of the subnet that the NAT gateway belongs to.
  - example : subnetName
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the NAT gateway belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the NAT gateway belongs to.
  - example : vpcName