---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_endpoint Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Resource of vpcendpoint
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_endpoint (Resource)

Resource of vpcendpoint

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_endpoint" "vpcendpoint" {
  name = var.vpcendpoint_name
  vpc_id = var.vpcendpoint_vpc_id
  subnet_id = var.vpcendpoint_subnet_id
  resource_type = var.vpcendpoint_resource_type
  resource_key = var.vpcendpoint_resource_resource_key
  resource_info = var.vpcendpoint_resource_resource_info
  endpoint_ip_address = var.vpcendpoint_endpoint_ip_address
  description = var.vpcendpoint_description
  tags = var.vpcendpoint_tags
}


output "vpcendpoint_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_endpoint.vpcendpoint
}


variable "vpcendpoint_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_vpc_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPCENDPOINT_VPC_ID"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_subnet_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPCENDPOINT_SUBNET_ID"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_resource_type" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-resource-type"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_resource_resource_key" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-resource-key"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_resource_resource_info" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-resource-info"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_endpoint_ip_address" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-endpoint-ip-address"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-description"
}

variable "vpcendpoint_tags" {
  type = map(string)
  default = {
    tf_key1 = "tf_val1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint_ip_address` (String) The IP address of the endpoint. 
  - example : 10.10.10.10
- `name` (String) The name of the endpoint.
  - example : vpcEndpointName
  - maxLength : 20
  - minLength : 3
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9-]+$
- `resource_info` (String) The information about the target resource of the endpoint.
  - example(case: FS) : 192.168.0.1(SSD) 
  - example(case: OBS) : https://xxx.samsungsdscloud.com 
  - example(case: SCR) : xxx.samsungsdscloud.com(Auth) 
  - example(case: DNS) : Private DNS Name
- `resource_key` (String) The key identifying the target resource of the endpoint.
  - example(case: SCR/DNS) : 07c5364702384471b650147321b52173 
  - example(case: FS/OBS) : 1.1.1.1
- `resource_type` (String) The type of the target resource.(File Storage : FS, Object Storage : OBS, Container Registry : SCR, DNS : DNS)
  - example : FS | OBS | SCR | DNS
- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the endpoint belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the endpoint belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : VPC Endpoint description
  - maxLength : 50
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the endpoint.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `vpc_endpoint` (Attributes) VpcEndpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the endpoint.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : VpcEndpoint Description
- `endpoint_ip_address` (String) The IP address of the endpoint.
  - example : 192.167.0.5
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the endpoint.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the endpoint.
  - example : VpcEndpointName
- `resource_info` (String) The information about the target resource of the endpoint.
  - example : x.samsungsdscloud.com(Registry)
- `resource_key` (String) The key identifying the target resource of the endpoint.
  - example : 07c5364702384471b650147321b52173
- `resource_type` (String) The type of the target resource.
  - example : FS
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the endpoint.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the endpoint belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID
- `subnet_name` (String) The name of the subnet that the endpoint belongs to.
  - example : subnetName
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the endpoint belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the endpoint belongs to.
  - example : vpcName