---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_port Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Port
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_port (Resource)

Port

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_port" "port" {
    name = var.port_name
    subnet_id = var.subnet_id
    description = var.port_description
    fixed_ip_address = var.port_fixed_ip_address
    security_groups = var.security_groups
}


output "port_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_port.port
}


variable "port_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "testport"
}

variable "subnet_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID"
}

variable "port_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "test_description_sg"
}

variable "port_fixed_ip_address" {
  type    = string
  default = "192.168.0.13"
}

variable "security_groups" {
  type = list(object({
    id = string
  }))
  default = [{
    id = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ID"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the port.
  - example : portName
  - maxLength : 20
  - minLength : 3
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9-]+$
- `subnet_id` (String) The identifier of the subnet that the port belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SUBNET_ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Port Description
  - maxLength : 50
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) The fixed IP address assigned to the port.
  - example : 172.24.4.2
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) The list of security groups associated with the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_groups))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the port.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `attached_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the resource that this port is attached to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ATTACHED_RESOURCE_ID
- `attached_resource_type` (String) The type of the resource that this port is attached to.
  - example : VM
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the port.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the port.
  - example : fa:16:3e:5c:9b:7a
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the port.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `subnet_name` (String) The name of the subnet that the port belongs to.
  - example : subnetName
- `virtual_ip_addresses` (List of String) Virtual IP Addresses
  - example : ["192.168.1.100"]
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the port belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID
- `vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the port belongs to.
  - example : vpcName

<a id="nestedatt--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)