---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Resource of vpc
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc (Resource)

Resource of vpc

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc" "vpc" {
  cidr        = var.vpc_cidr
  description = var.vpc_description
  name        = var.vpc_name
}


output "vpc_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc.vpc
}


variable "vpc_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = "192.167.0.0/18"
}

variable "vpc_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "test_description"
}

variable "vpc_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "testvp"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) The IP address range of the network in CIDR notation.
  - example : 192.167.0.0/18
  - maxMask : /24
  - minMask : /16
- `name` (String) The name of the vpc.
  - example : vpcName
  - maxLength : 20
  - minLength : 3
  - pattern : ^[a-zA-Z0-9-]+$

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this vpc. This help identify the purpose or usage of the vpc.
  - example : VPC description
  - maxLength : 50
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `vpc` (Attributes) Detail information about Vpc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `cidr_count` (Number) The number of CIDR blocks associated with the vpc.
  - example: 20
- `cidrs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc--cidrs))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the vpc was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the vpc.
  - example: vpcDescription
  - maxLength: 50
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the vpc was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the vpc.
  - maxLength: 20
  - minLength: 3
  - pattern: `^[a-zA-Z0-9-]*$`
  - example: vpcName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the vpc.
  - enum: ["ACTIVE","ERROR"]
  - example : ACTIVE

<a id="nestedatt--vpc--cidrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc.cidrs`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The IP address range of the network in CIDR notation.
  - example: 192.167.0.0/18
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the vpc was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID