---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering_approval Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  VPC Peering Approval
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering_approval (Resource)

VPC Peering Approval

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering_approval" "my_approve" {
  vpc_peering_id = var.vpc_peering_id
  type           = var.type
}


output "vpc_peering_approval" {
  value = resource.samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_vpc_peering_approval.my_approve
}

variable "vpc_peering_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_PEERING_ID"
}
variable "type" {
  type        = string
  description = "Approval Type"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) The type of the approval.
  - Enum:  CREATE_APPROVE | CREATE_CANCEL | CREATE_REJECT | CREATE_RE_REQUEST | DELETE_APPROVE | DELETE_CANCEL | DELETE_REJECT
  - example : CREATE_APPROVE
- `vpc_peering_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC Peering ID
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_PEERING_ID

### Read-Only

- `vpc_peering` (Attributes) VPC‑to‑VPC peering (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peering))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peering`

Read-Only:

- `account_type` (String) The type of the account.
  - Enum: SAME | DIFFERENT
  - example:SAME
- `approver_vpc_account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that the approver VPC belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S APPROVER_VPC_ACCOUNT_ID
- `approver_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the approver VPC.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S APPROVER_VPC_ID
- `approver_vpc_name` (String) The name of the approver VPC.
  - example : vpcName
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - Example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - Example: 90dddfc2b1e04edba54ba2b41539a9ac
- `delete_requester_account_id` (String) The identifier of account that the deletion requester belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S DELETE_REQUESTER_ACCOUNT_ID
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : resourceDescription
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the approval.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - Example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - Example: 90dddfc2b1e04edba54ba2b41539a9ac
- `name` (String) The name of the approval.
  - example : peering name
  - Minimum length: 3
  - Maximum length: 20
  - Pattern: ^[a-zA-Z0-9-]*$
- `requester_vpc_account_id` (String) The identifier of account that the requester VPC belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S REQUESTER_VPC_ACCOUNT_ID
- `requester_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the requester VPC.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S REQUESTER_VPC_ID
- `requester_vpc_name` (String) The name of the requester VPC.
  - example : vpcName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the approval.
  - Enum: CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | DELETED | ERROR | EDITING | CREATING_REQUESTING | REJECTED | CANCELED | DELETING_REQUESTING
  - Example : ACTIVE