---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Transit Gateway
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway (Resource)

Transit Gateway

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway" "tgw01" {
  name          = var.name
  tags          = var.tags
  description   = var.description
}



output "tgw01" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway.tgw01
}


variable "name" {
  default = "tgwNAMLEE01"
}

variable "tags" {
  type = map(string)
  default = {
    test_tag_key  = "test_tag_value"
    test_tag_key2 = "test_tag_value2"
  }
}

variable "description" {
  default = "description nam dep trai aaa"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the transit gateway.
  - example : TransitGatewayName

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Transit Gateway Description
  - maxLength : 50
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `tgw` (Attributes) Tgw (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tgw))

<a id="nestedatt--tgw"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tgw`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth capacity of the connection.
  - example : 1
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was created in ISO 8601 format.
   - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the transit gateway. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this transit gateway. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Tgw description
  - maxLength : 50
  - minLength : 1
- `firewall_connection_state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the firewall connection. 
  - example : INACTIVE
- `firewall_ids` (String) List of the FirewallIds
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_IDS
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was last modified in ISO 8601 format. 
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the transit gateway. 
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the transit gateway.
  - example : Tgw name
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the transit gateway.
  - enum: CREATING, ACTIVE, DELETING, DELETED, ERROR, EDITING 
  - example : CREATING
- `uplink_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the uplink is enabled.
  - example : false