---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_firewall_connection Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Transit Gateway Firewall Connection
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_firewall_connection (Resource)

Transit Gateway Firewall Connection

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_firewall_connection" "my_firewall_connection" {
  transit_gateway_id = var.transit_gateway_id
}


output "firewall_connection_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_firewall_connection.my_firewall_connection
}


variable "transit_gateway_id" {
  type        = string
  description = "Transit gw firewall namdeptrai"
  default     = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The identifier of the transit gateway that the firewall connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID

### Read-Only

- `transit_gateway` (Attributes) Transit Gateway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transit_gateway))

<a id="nestedatt--transit_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transit_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth capacity of the connection.
  - example: 1
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this transit gateway. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : TransitGateway Description
- `firewall_connection_state` (String) Firewall Connection State
  - enum: ATTACHING | ACTIVE | DETACHING | DELETED | INACTIVE | ERROR
  - example: INACTIVE
- `firewall_id` (String) Firewall ID
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_ID
- `firewall_ids` (String) List of firewall IDs
  - example: ['YOUR RESOURCE'S FIREWALL_IDS']
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the transit gateway was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the transit gateway.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the transit gateway.
  - minLength: 3
  - maxLength: 20
  - pattern: ^[a-zA-Z0-9-]*$
  - example: TransitGatewayName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the transit gateway.
  - enum: CREATING | ACTIVE | DELETING | DELETED | ERROR | EDITING
  - example: ACTIVE
- `uplink_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the uplink is enabled.
  - default: false
  - example: false