---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_cidr Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  CIDR blocks that can be used in a VPC
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_cidr (Resource)

CIDR blocks that can be used in a VPC

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_cidr" "my_added_cidr_vpc" {
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id
  cidr   = var.cidr
}

output "vpc_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_cidr.my_added_cidr_vpc.vpc
}


variable "vpc_id" {
  description = "VPC ID to add CIDR"
  type        = string
  default     = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID"
}

variable "cidr" {
  description = "CIDR block to add to the VPC (e.g., 192.168.0.0/24)"
  type        = string
  default     = "192.169.0.0/16"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) The IP address range of the vpc in CIDR notation.
  - example : 192.168.0.0/24
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S VPC_ID

### Read-Only

- `vpc` (Attributes) VPC detail information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `cidr_count` (Number) The number of CIDR blocks associated with the vpc.
  - example : 20
- `cidrs` (Attributes List) CIDRs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc--cidrs))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this vpc. This help identify the purpose or usage of the vpc.
  - example : vpcDescription
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the vpc was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the vpc.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `name` (String) The name of the vpc.
  - example : vpcName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the vpc.
  - example : ACTIVE

<a id="nestedatt--vpc--cidrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc.cidrs`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The IP address range of the vpc in CIDR notation.
  - example : 192.167.0.0/18
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the vpc was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example: 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that vpc the cidr.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the cidr.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID