---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_publicip Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  publicip
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_publicip (Resource)

publicip

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_publicip" "publicip" {
    description = var.publicip_description
    type = var.publicip_type
}


output "publicip_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_publicip.publicip
}


variable "publicip_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "description-by-terrafrom"
}

variable "publicip_type" {
  type    = string
  default = "GGW"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) The type of the public ip.
  - example : IGW | GGW | SIGW

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Public IP Description
  - maxLength : 50
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs representing tags for the resource.
  - Keys must be a maximum of 128 characters.
  - Values must be a maximum of 256 characters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the public ip.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `publicip` (Attributes) Publicip (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--publicip))

<a id="nestedatt--publicip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `publicip`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the public ip.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `attached_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the resource that this public ip is attached to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ATTACHED_RESOURCE_ID
- `attached_resource_name` (String) The name of the resource that this public ip is attached to.
  - example : my-server
- `attached_resource_type` (String) The type of the resource that this public ip is attached to.
  - example : VM
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This helps identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Public IP Description
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the public ip.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the resource.
  - example : 203.0.113.10
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that last modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the public ip.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `type` (String) The type of the public ip.
  - example : IGW