---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat_ip Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Ip resource for Private NAT.
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat_ip (Resource)

Ip resource for Private NAT.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat_ip" "privatenatip" {
  private_nat_id = var.private_nat_id
  ip_address = var.private_nat_ip_ip_address
  description = var.private_nat_ip_description
}


output "private_nat_ip_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_private_nat_ip.privatenatip
}


variable "private_nat_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_NAT_ID"
}

variable "private_nat_ip_ip_address" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-ip-address"
}

variable "private_nat_ip_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "sample-description"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the private NAT.
  - example : 192.168.10.0
- `private_nat_id` (String) The identifier of the private NAT that the resource belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_NAT_ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Private NAT IP description
  - maxLength : 50

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `private_nat_ip` (Attributes) Private NAT IP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_nat_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--private_nat_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_nat_ip`

Read-Only:

- `attached_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the resource that this private NAT ip is attached to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ATTACHED_RESOURCE_ID
- `attached_resource_name` (String) The name of the resource that this private NAT ip is attached to.
  - example : resourceName
- `attached_resource_type` (String) The type of the resource that this private NAT ip is attached to.
  - example : VM
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : resourceDescription
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private NAT ip.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the private NAT.
  - example : 192.168.10.0
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `private_nat_id` (String) The identifier of the private NAT that the private NAT ip belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S PRIVATE_NAT_ID
- `private_nat_name` (String) The name of the private NAT that the private NAT ip belongs to.
  - example : privatenatName
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the private NAT ip.
  - example : ACTIVE