---
page_title: "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rule Resource - samsungcloudplatformv2"
subcategory: VPC
description: |-
  Transit gateway rule
---

# samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rule (Resource)

Transit gateway rule

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "samsungcloudplatformv2" {
}

resource "samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rule" "tgw_routingrule" {
  transit_gateway_id = var.routing_rule_transit_gateway_id
  description = var.routing_rule_description
  destination_type = var.routing_rule_destination_type
  destination_cidr = var.routing_rule_destination_cidr
  tgw_connection_vpc_id = var.routing_rule_tgw_connection_vpc_id
}


output "tgw_routingrule_output" {
  value = samsungcloudplatformv2_vpc_transit_gateway_rule.tgw_routingrule
}


variable "routing_rule_transit_gateway_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ROUTING_RULE_TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID"
}

variable "routing_rule_description" {
  type    = string
  default = "description VPC"
}

variable "routing_rule_destination_type" {
  type    = string
  default = "VPC"
}

variable "routing_rule_destination_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = "1.1.0.0/17"
}

variable "routing_rule_tgw_connection_vpc_id" {
  type    = string
  default = "ENTER YOUR RESOURCE'S ROUTING_RULE_TGW_CONNECTION_VPC_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cidr` (String) The destination IP address range in CIDR notation.
  - example : 10.10.10.0/24
- `destination_type` (String) The type of the destination.
  - example : VPC | TGW
- `tgw_connection_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TGW_CONNECTION_VPC_ID
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The identifier of the transit gateway that the rule belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TRANSIT_GATEWAY_ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : Routing Rule description
  - maxLength : 50

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the transit gateway rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `routing_rule` (Attributes) Routing rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--routing_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rule`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The identifier of the account that owns the routing rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ACCOUNT_ID
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `created_by` (String) The user id that created the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S CREATED_BY
- `description` (String) Enter a brief explanation or note about this resource. This help identify the purpose or usage of the resource.
  - example : resourceDescription
- `destination_cidr` (String) The destination IP address range in CIDR notation.
  - example : 10.10.10.0/24
- `destination_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the destination resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S DESTINATION_RESOURCE_ID
- `destination_resource_name` (String) The name of the destination resource.
  - example : resourcaName
- `destination_type` (String) The type of the destination.
  - example : ON-PREM | VPC
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the routing rule.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S ID
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the resource was last modified in ISO 8601 format.
  - example : 2024-05-17T00:23:17Z
- `modified_by` (String) The user id that modified the resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S MODIFIED_BY
- `source_resource_id` (String) The identifier of the source resource.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S SOURCE_RESOURCE_ID
- `source_resource_name` (String) The name of the source resource.
  - example : resourcaName
- `source_type` (String) The type of the source.
  - enum :VPC, TGW
  - example:VPC
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the routing rule.
  - example : ACTIVE
- `tgw_connection_vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example: YOUR RESOURCE'S TGW_CONNECTION_VPC_ID
- `tgw_connection_vpc_name` (String) The name of the VPC that the transit gateway connection belongs to.
  - example : resourceName